and when I was a kid I liked the
bike the ball but when I heard a
guitar automatically leaves the ball and
the bike
an authentic music that comes from the
root of the village a marginalized people but
thanks to
to authenticity and how beautiful it is
the music can
it came out to floyd and it's booming has always
been but now more I grew up
getting up and watching shrimp paco
lucia fernanda bernardas chocolate yo
I am for example as a small child and
half my father a guitar for the
played school and the guitar I do it
go up that the guitar was going
stumbling over steps I see the
kids dance or sing or play the
guitar and flamenco is very demanding and
very jealous
I think the closer you have it
of children better
d
where
your house
in my life
a castle and a half
and that's when another site
with the greens
d
because there are people who do not like it
feel attached to them but it's as if
have the Prado Museum if you do not want
go you do not go is first that someone
flamenco take somebody puts
a friend that someone talks to them about
flamenco to put music to them and then what
he just got it with his little
my grandson of re small is listening
flamenco and there you have it with the mouse and
a soleá and the one you run
you kill him but you can tell him
misses